Banning non runtime type in from_type (#3331)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch by Cheuk Ting Ho ban non runtime types in `from_type` (:issue:`2978`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch by Cheuk Ting Ho makes it an explicit error to call :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.from_type`
or :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.register_type_strategy` with types that have no runtime instances (:issue:`3280`).
```
